my mission is simple to make you money
I'm here to level the playing field for
all investors there's always a bull
market summer and I promise to help you
find it
man money starts now
hey I'm Kramer welcome to mad money
welcome to crave merica I want to make
friends I'm just trying to keep from
losing a lot of money my job is also not
just to entertain but to educate teach
put these days wild days in the context
so call me 107 4 3 CNBC or tweet me
constructively at Jim Cramer in times of
crisis and with the Dow plummeting
another thirteen hundred and
thirty-eight points today has to be
plunging five point one eight percent
Nasdaq nosedive in 4.70% where it we're
in a real doozy of a crisis you simply
cannot do enough to help make things
better our government should always err
on the side of doing too much in these
situations because you don't beat a
pandemic by thinking small not unless
you get very very lucky it's so far we
we've been about as unlucky as it gets
everything's going wrong at once so in
the answers of being constructive one of
our destructive day although we finished
lawful lows let me tell you what I think
needs to happen to stop the tsunami of
selling of stocks in your portfolio
here's what I mean when I say we need to
think big and I mean huge much bigger
than the trillion in change in aid we've
been on hearing about although it was
trivial to see a bill passed the Senate
with massive bipartisan support that
will help the cause
first the government is basically
mandated that bars and restaurants close
down and stop the spread of the virus
that's three hundred nine billion
dollars in lost wages or wasn't 2018
according to Bureau of Economic Analysis
it's more now payrolls and hotels and
lodging 87 billion entertainment 63
billion Airlines fifty-nine billion all
of those jobs are in danger many are
already gone so what do we need to do we
need to write checks directly to those
workers we can't afford to tear the
fabric of society just because of some
virus that might be beaten in a couple
of months nobody's done enough anything
to deserve this this is the time to
throw money at people lifelines and we
got to do it fast if that means we have
to send checks it to everybody in
America rather than doing something more
targeted and that takes longer to figure
out I say go for it
worst case we ended up helping some
people who don't need it that is a high
quality problem how about small
medium-sized businesses
Treasury secretary munitions doing a
good job he's talked about business
interruption insurance spoke to me today
earlier in the morning he said we
do it make the payments make them weak I
don't know I wanted to make them weakly
otherwise when this is over only the big
chains will be left but when the only
ones steady you know there's a reason
why the stock of Wal Mart was up three
dollars and 32 cents today nearly an
all-time high when the market was busy
getting clobbered think of that we
should be handing over cash not loans
I mean who that wants to take out a loan
to stay open when your business doesn't
make that much money if any at all I I
am now in a closed restaurant and a
closed bar the last thing I want to do
right now is layer on more debt it would
be one thing if we were open but we're
not the government won't let us next big
thing
aerospace bali is america's most
important manufacturer it's just
possible for our greatest export employs
two million people either directly or
indirectly cost of saving them sixty
billion we should pay it but take a big
chunk of change in equity in exchange
but boiling wants more help and he
supply to another big thing key idea the
new normal the new normal deal this is
kind of like a new deal a two trillion
dollar government bank funded by a 500
billion in 30 year Treasuries auction
which would be locked up like man we
need 30 years and social security fund
that's right you take it from the social
security fund right now it's just in
cash a lot of countries have sovereign
wealth funds we should do the same thing
why not eventually we'll beat the
coronavirus everyone knows that but
almost no investor has the resources to
save these companies aside from the
federal government once this pandemic is
over most stocks will bounce back with a
vengeance this could be the single
greatest buying opportunity since the
bottom during the financial crisis but
only the government has enough capital
wherewithal to tie these companies over
until the economy can recover I don't
know if it's the bottom but the
government can determine oh yes it can
still go long but you know what I mean I
the object-- their sorority they're in
my head stop it get out of there of
course we should impose conditions on
any business we invest in no buybacks no
dividends Mark Cuban good call there
they have to accept the government board
member put that person on the Audit
Committee pretty much the same
concessions that give to any other major
shareholder hey don't think of it as
stated interfere save it as normal
activist investing you'd think given the
Federal Reserve unlimited authority to
buy every corporate bond that it
believes it's worth saving I know that's
subjective and we're supposed to just
like that I don't care if the Fed buys
your bonds your company says
the Fed should keep giving the banks the
credit lines they need to stay solvent
during the downturn and expensive white
flight those stocks are obviously going
to sheer hell you look at him said why
more big thing what are the major
pressure points right now well I saw one
collapse in oil prices it's a man-made
collapse some of that's to do with lower
demand but that's not my crew plummeted
to $20 and changed today the real
culprit the Russians and the Saudis they
started price more we are the target
it's to wipe out American producers in
part because they're just busy being
very petty I think senator national
interest to get the price of oil back to
above 30 which would save our 30th
Oriole companies you know the fifty ones
won't do okay not great while still
letting the irresponsible ones go under
$30 oil is still incredibly cheap so I
think the president's just pick up the
phone right phone Saudi Arabia and
explain that they'll no longer be under
our protection unless they allow prices
to rise again cheap way to save a huge
chunk of the industry that a lot of
people are employed and I want energy
independence for our nation next big
thing let's get all the quarantine space
we need commandeer as many hotel rooms
as possible out there there's tons of
them they're going begging no anyone's
using them by as many motor coaches as
possible start building contain the
hospitals and army bases advertised have
been hundreds of thousands of people who
put them together that's right show the
world what we can do not just the
Chinese cranes looking so all-powerful
thanks we know there's a tremendous
backlog of Kovach cases that we'll learn
about in the next few weeks with every
new negative data point this markets
gonna go lower trust me
but if we build these facilities with
american-made equipment we can make sure
that everyone who gets sick and get the
treatment they need love them or hate
them President Trump is a real estate
developer he knows how to build things
we're going to have a gigantic amount of
unemployment in this country so this
would be a great time for a big public
works program next we're waiting on our
scientist to develop treatments for this
thing and a vaccine we should stop at
nothing to help and they need a clinical
trial make sure they get all the
patients they need do it fast these
things are expensive government take
care of it write the checks government
should be fighting these trials once we
find a drug that works we should
manufacture a mass with Uncle Sam
covering the cost if we even think it's
working we should make it on there so
it's ready the moment that the test
really does clear through every single
Authority last one if I hear one more
person talk about how hard it is to get
tested I am going to tear out what's
left of my hair
we even do whatever it takes to get
these tests out there and get people the
results back in four hours I don't I so
when it's the clothes guy does it in ten
minutes back in something quick solve
this that way you can go back to work
stay back to work until the next time
you need to be tested look Commerce is
on hiatus . we if we want there to be an
economy to come back to when the hiatus
is over we need to think big until we
get some of these changes I bet we'll
have keep having days like today we're
hunting for a bull market like I say
remember always some fun tomorrow is
it's like searching for a
recession-proof needle in a haystack
let me have one last argument if you
don't want to do these things to help
your fellow citizens how about this we
should do them to keep China from
eclipsing the United States as a global
superpower which they will most
certainly be there'll be bigger more
powerful than will be they've already
beaten the viruses will here from
Starbucks later tonight the rest of the
world's looking to China for leadership
not us it's got to be pretty permanent
it's gonna be permanent if we don't get
our act together the bottom line we have
no choice but to win it's time to dust
off your Churchill study or FDR the only
way to beat this pandemic is to go on
war footing here there is no danger of
doing too much no one's ever going to
criticize secretary minutia chairman pal
or the president because he didn't spend
because he no one's gonna criticize him
because he spent too much money they
won't criticize if you spend too little
there is a huge risk of doing too little
so please everyone everyone think big
TJ in California TJ I got moderna mRNAs
they tested they're called the vaccine
on the first patient there are 20% what
do you think I happen to like the people
from moderna I like the look this is one
that's now gotten obviously is one of
five years linked with zoom and
modernity I don't we have but but darn
is a real company we've interviewed him
twice I always wanted to come back on
the show Gill yet please come on the
show I no one wants to give false hope
but McGirt has got great technology
they're doing a good job I like him
let's go to Diane in New York please
Diane Ken hi hi Jon
given the virus that's surrounding us
I'm wondering about a stock called
teller doc I like tell adopt we
recommended tell doc for as one of our
staying home situations we had a private
company last night that's doing very
well you know what I met a care put out
a release today about you about how
they're going to fund tell I tell it I
can't believe I read they've got the
melon I got the Medicare release got it
on email made me feel very old hey Jim
how you doing is this everything I think
with everything that happened this past
month I need to get a brew y'all it's
better than some old bay hot sauce in
the eye what's going on about Twitter
with their cats earnings reports showing
promise the conflict between CEO Jack
Dorsey and the activists being settled
everyone staying inside because of the
virus and the presidential election
coming up why is Twitter still following
the overall market sell-off well I mean
first of all we gotta be careful because
you know they're not taking a lot of put
of lapdog their bad 22 you know what
that's an interesting idea I mean that's
the problem every or I did a conference
call today for action words plus not
come club members and everything I hit
up I said oh that's interesting that's
you see actually there's a plethora of
interesting but twitter is interesting
and I think the stock has come down a
lot but you know what we had shows amber
going last night and Facebook's been
obliterated that's my favorite okay
there's no danger to doing too much
there's only danger in doing too little
think big oh man money tonight I'm
sitting down with the CEO of Starbucks
who talked about it but it's Khurana by
response the move to reopen China stores
and it's big buyback they discussed
restore she'll sit empty could the maker
of spam and JIT be make sense here I've
got the exclusive Hormel and as were
more people work from home I'm totally
the sea of Logitech you see how its
products are helping with the new
deal normal stay with
[Music]
don't miss a second of Mad Money follow
at Jim Cramer on Twitter have a question
tweet Cramer hashtag mad tweets send him
an email to mad money at cnbc.com or
give us a call at one eight hundred
seven forty three CNBC miss something
head to Mad Money gutsy and easy calm
you